well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
the internet tough guy and what we can
learn from it I know right now you're
fine we can't learn anything from them
we can't we can because they are a
symptom there and they're also a perfect
analogy why is the Internet tough guy
the way he is why does he feel like he
can get online and just be a pizza
cutter all edge no point and berate
people and do whatever he wants because
he can right he's insulated from the
consequences of his actions
insulated he's behind that machine in
many cases hiding behind that machine
how's that sound like what does that
sound like it's American foreign policy
the reason Americans came back sometimes
just ignore horrible foreign policy is
because they're insulated they're hiding
behind that machine but rather than a
computer is the greatest military
machine the world's ever known they
don't suffer the consequences or
repercussions of their actions that's
where it comes from it is that that
insulation we've had it so good for so
long that it's not real when we see it
on TV we turn it off that's happening
somewhere over there does have anything
to do with us because it never does it
never reaches here and when it does man
we go around the world invading
countries most of them had nothing to do
with what happened
and then in the same vein you've got
that other person well I was born here I
don't know why we need to help these
foreigners you're right you were born
here I don't really know what that means
I don't know that the GPS coordinates of
your mother's vagina at the time you
were born somehow give you magical
powers that make you more worthy of a
human being I didn't know that beyond
America's borders to live some kind of
lesser people and then you got the other
kind of person you got the person that's
I don't know why it always has to be an
American that helps why is this even our
problem you know I didn't do this
and then there's there some fairness to
that but may not always be the American
that's doing it but it is normally when
you're talking about injustice in the
world
it normally stems from the wealthy that
play for power will you just get them to
care then all of a sudden be a whole lot
easier to affect change wouldn't it so
you just get like the top 15% other
income earners in the world get them
caring and then change should be easy
$250 a week if you make more than $250 a
week you are that top 15% if you make
six hundred fifteen dollars a week well
you're in the top one percent of global
income earners that's why it has to
start here money makes the world go
round right because of the abundance
that this country has in the wealth that
has accumulated here
it is the machinery for change it does
have to be somebody for people and in a
way it is our fault it is our problem
more so than a lot of people realize a
lot of the injustice in the world is
caused by massive corporations trying to
feed this market every time we go to the
Walmart or the grocery store or the gas
station we are telling those massive
corporations what kind of world we want
we're voting with our debit cards you
know and if you want to change it has to
start with us it has to start somewhere
it has to start with us with you the
person watching this video it's got to
start with you and you know there's a
lot of talk right now about the yellow
vest movement calling it a revolution
here's the thing at this stage in the
game the way everything is
interconnected any revolution that is
not global it's not a revolution but
that's a subject for another video
anyway it's just a thought we all have a
good night